hello and welcome to the Vita weekly
update gamescom edition let's hop right
into it shall we littlebigplanet vita
will be in a bundle with the PS vita
when it launches in europe the game
enviable costs 249 euros with no release
details for the bundle in the US are
other territories littlebigplanet is due
out on September 19 in europe and sep
tember 25 in the US PS all-stars is to
be the first in a series of games to be
available within the new crossbow
service where if you buy a ps3 copy of a
game you will get appears via copy for
free and vice versa slow fall and
Russian Clank you force will support
cross-buy with EA considering including
need for speed most wanted in this
promotion as well the release date for
PS all-stars was recently pushed back to
November 24 the US and November 21 for
Europe leading off on that last
announcement Ratchet and Clank you force
known under the alternate subtitle full
frontal assault in America has been
confirmed to be on PlayStation Vita as
well as PlayStation 3 the game will be
out sometime in fall 2012 call of duty
black ops declassified going unveiling
during the conference it is being
developed by nihilistic the same people
who made resistance burning Skies and
will feature for vball multiplayer on 6
brand new maps and what appears to be
nuketown a story set between black ops
and black ops 2 and traditional
multiplayer mechanics and system similar
to call of duty modern warfare 3 a
bundle will also be released for black
ops declassified which has a protective
pouch a PS Vita with a differently
styled back touch panel and the game
itself no price or release date was
given
PlayStation 1 classics will roll out
with the first wave of titles on August
twenty-eighth the titles are Tomb Raider
jet moto Final Fantasy 7 wild arms
twisted metal to cool boarders to arc
the lad Resident Evil director's cut and
crash bandicoot no details on how other
games will be released in the future the
1.80 firmware update that will roll out
on August twenty-eighth will also have
some more updated features such as the
ability to control the home screen and
some apps with the physical buttons
music playlists back touch controls for
the web browser and other small tweaks
Media Molecule introduced their new game
on PlayStation Vita known as tearaway
the game uses every fourth set of the
Vita controls to help its main
protagonist iota escape the veteran to
our world the game has no solid release
date killzone mercenary a game developed
by guerilla games for PlayStation Vita
was also shown off there was only a few
seconds of gameplay to be shown but it
appears to be a first-person shooter
with a money system and touch controls
for specific actions no release date on
this game either PlayStation mobile will
include at least 30 games in its first
roll out with over 80 developers and
publishers being on board with the
system the system will be integrated
with the PlayStation Store on the Vita
when the project finally launches this
autumn
according to a preview on IGN need for
speed most wanted seems to be almost
identical to the PlayStation 3 version
on the PlayStation Vita with all the
cars it challenges the entire open world
and even the console damage model making
a perfect transition to the Vita a one
with a set of touch controls to help the
user interface the game will release on
October 30 and our final piece of news
this week PlayStation Plus will be
extended to the PlayStation Vita
sometime in September no details or
specific date was given that's it for
gamescom sony really up to their gain
this time around with plenty of new
announcements and features to go around
anyway here's a question what game will
feature shaded gamescom makes you the
most excited oh and sound shapes is out
in europe as well go and play that if
you haven't already comment like
subscribe and share the video around if
you liked it see you next week